we'll never understand Pete but this
will definitely like hell
speaking of the star of the show who's
bringing that energy today it's it's
doing a good job getting ready for his
career working at a car wash I don't
clean this thing anyway is just gonna
get fire on it when you see someone like
Pete you know there's a lot going on can
you really don't know what it is I think
that people are interested in his
struggle they want to know how are you
doing you know what would happen to you
the kingdom Staten Island is an
opportunity to repeat to tell you about
himself and to tell you about his
feelings and his journey
what is that date that's the date my dad
died Oh Pete is from Staten Island his
father was a fireman who lost his life
on 9/11 and it was really so hard for
him to recover and I would even say it's
just been recently that he's finds in
his way and being okay I think it's very
fortunate that ami is his mother she's
behind him all the way God takes a lot
of energy to keep up with Minnie he's
been to the mill your dark sense of
humor doesn't work for me
I find it funny one of the first
conversations we had was how
autobiographical should the king of
Staten Island be we decided that it
could be completely fictional but it's
an imagining of what Pete's life would
have been if he didn't find comedy any
dreams of being a tattoo artist but what
are you gonna do are you gonna get a job
or are you gonna leave the house I'm
gonna open that tattoo restaurant no
like for real it's never been done
before I looked it up the movie is like
my love letter to my mom and trying to
end that part of my life I feel like
maybe we got to a place where we could
finally let go a little bit I think this
movie is stirred up a lot of emotions
for him though like both good and bad
but I think it'll be a therapeutic
about things that are very real to Pete
and there are a lot of real participants
at Bob Johnson Tino works with Pete's
dad after games Poulsen ricky is its
best friend it's other best friend dave
wrote the movie with us i really wanted
all the people and it to crush more than
anything we got to put them in a place
where they could hit homeruns and they
all did it's just so cool to watch this
story finally come alive and watch Pete
take something that's so vulnerable I
think a lot of people don't understand
Pete and this is a nice little like look
into his life something's really cool
about someone like admitting to
themselves all the faults and all the
realities of like how they got to where
they're at I'm even curious it just like
get to know someone I feel like I know
so well more by watching this movie did
you happen to get a chance to take a
look at the how'd you like that so Ross
14 you know it's a really beautiful
thing to share something that's this
hard with other people it's it's a real
gift and I'm sure like loads of young
people are going to relate to this
someone - scared to take a leap to like
do anything with their life he was
hindered by mental health and has trauma
and I just think it's really amazing
that he's kind of laying that all out to
bear I'm just hoping you enjoy the movie
and that you could relate to it in a
certain way
like everybody's always disappointed in
me you're one of the few people who
treat me you know like a person you're
welcome
hopefully it's all been a really
positive life-changing type of
experience for him
hey guys have fun
it's what we do we make movies
[Music]